Brother Qin, you and I are brothers after all
That's why I brought it for you to hold by yourself
Do you think all the torture instruments in this prison are vegetarian?
I advise you.
Don't make it too difficult for me
After all, my father gave the order to die
We must eradicate the weeds
I want to protect you
But a lot of effort
It seems
You are sure of me
Hahaha, what about otherwise?
Sun Qian, Sun Qian
Now that you know I'm smart
Then how dare you underestimate me so much?
Do you think I really don't know who you are?
What do you mean?
I guessed when the original ledger was missed
If the Sun family had known the whereabouts of the accounting department long ago
It's impossible to take a risk against my second uncle in the prison
So I'm sure you must have found it after my second uncle had an accident
But after my second uncle had an accident
No one in the world knows the whereabouts of that ledger
Only the cockscomb river
And I hide the Cockscomb River very strictly
Except for the three of us Qin family
Only you have touched Sun Qian
So I don't doubt who you suspect
So what?
You have no evidence
Does mere suspicion convict me?
Yes, but you forgot that I've been to the Guozi ship
I also saw the traitor